---
layout: ../layouts/ArticleLayout.astro
title: About Me
---

<h1 class="mb-0">Isaac Spencer</h1>

**_Aerospace Engineer & Software Developer_**

Hello, I'm Isaac, and I am an undergraduate student at Wichita State University.
I'm pursuing a degree in Aerospace Engineering with a minor in Computer Science.

## Skills

### CAD

I am used to using CATIA & 3D Experience for 3D modeling. I have completed my
college's course in the field, and have done work for my internship designing
and modeling different parts and assemblies. I have moderate experience creating
complex shapes in CATIA using the generative shape design workbench.

### FEM/FEA

This semester (Spring 2025) I began my Aerospace Structures II class. In this
class we've been exploring the finite element model (and analysis). This has
been really fun for me because it has bridged the gap between the engineering
classes I've taken and my interest in computer-science topics. We have been
learning the fundamentals of how finite element analysis produces solutions, as
well as learning how to use comercial FEA software (MSC Patran/Nastran & Femap).
Both of these have been really fun for me, and I am excited to learn more about
this is applied in the workforce.

### Programming

Programming is the skill i have the most experience in. I worked as a part-time
web developer for a year and a half for my current internship. I maintained and
pushed features for their in-house timekeeping system. This allowed me to learn
the world of web development through working on a live project. That project
uses ASP.NET as its framework of choice. This gave me experience working with a
fully integrated server-based website.

In my personal time I have worked on learning different web frameworks, first
starting with Vue, then Svelte, then React. These each gave me an understanding
of how the web is designed and the pros and cons of each framework. My current
favorite stack is called the [AHA Stack](https://ahastack.dev). This is a
mixture of Astro for the server as well as HTMX for simple hypermedia-based
interaction, and finally Alpine.js for client side JavaScript without writing
much JavaScript. Astro is the server-side framework running this very website.

I have also experimented with creating my own web server, primarily in Go. This
was a fun experience for me. Unfortunately I found it tedious to have to manage
every separate part of the server so instead I have recently found myself
attracted to more out-of-the-box solutions such as Astro.

Outside of web development I have frequently found myself using python for any
engineering-focused programming. The primary project I'm referring to is a
CLI-based calculator for solving the internal forces of trusses. You can find it
as a pinned project on [my GitHub profile](https://github.com/22ispencer).

For my Computer Science minor I have taken two courses that they have taught in
C++. This has given me a better understanding of the low-level processes and
ideas that are often abstracted away in high-level languages.

Below I have listed the programming languages I'd consider myself sufficient in.

- Python
- JavaScript & TypeScript
- HTML & CSS
- C#
- Lua

I am also very familiar with the syntax and have a general understanding of how
to code in these languages as well.

- Go
- C++
